What a pity
You always say
The matter of the temple has been reported to the king
But I tell you
Not only will the lord not blame me for this
They will also reward us.
As for you you
Deceive the king to go up
Destroy the Nine Clans
Hahahahaha
I think you are confused
What other country mainly offends us?
Zhenguo Shenjiao Mansion
It's ridiculous
The plan to slide the world
Does the temple have any other arrangements?
What is the will of the king?
You'll find out later
Ruxiao, you are fucking courting death
Do not believe
Do it now
Stop talking to this kid
waste of time
What!
We still need to wait
You can only come before the rice paper around the blogger is closed.
Ru Xiao
The rice paper officer beside the country lord is about to arrive
I'd like to see how arrogant you are later
The king will surely see
Multiply and divide treachery
That's good.